There's probably one more thing
we want to make sure we do so
that the idea is that when the user
clicks on that close button,
the form gets submitted which the browser
knows means we want to close the dialogue.
So, if we look at our little example here,
not all buttons are created equal,
right, buttons can do different things.
And then the types of buttons,
let the browser know
what it should do when
somebody clicks this button.
So one way we can tell the browser
what behavior we want for
this button is using the type.
Are there other ways we could
tell the browser that we want,
let's say, when someone clicks on
this button to close the dialogue?
We could mess with that, but
keep in mind that right now we
are in the world of the form,
and we're making this form
to hopefully be useful for
other forms that may or
may not be in dialogs.
Forms that might just be part of your
regular webpage and not stop everything
else, that article that you were reading
by blurring out the background, etc.
So, in this case,
we would not be able to know that, like,
since the user's passing in the type
of this form, we wouldn't be able to
know that we're gonna have a dialogue
here and we're gonna call close on it.
So why don't we just use the type submit?
Also because you know what, and
this just, I think, I probably should
have mentioned at the very beginning and
should mention very frequently,
is you can't mess up the JavaScript
if there isn't any JavaScript.
So, [LAUGH] the fewer times that we
enter the realm of JavaScript and
the more that we can use the very
powerful features of HTML, CSS,
all these other things, the less
JavaScript we can have, the better.
In general, that's sort of maybe a
controversial statement, but I don't know.
I think most of the web is
on the same page about,
let's try to use
the underlying capabilities.
So why don't we just make
this a submit button, and
then if the user wants to do something
else with it, they can figure that
out in the user land code of where
they're instantiating this form object.
So, similar to our form element,
getting whatever type the user parsed in,
we can effect the button element.
>> Can we also do that when
we create the button element?
>> We could also do that when
we create the button element.
I'm not sure if we can run arbitrary
code in the class declaration.
>> I meant in the create element call,
can we parse-
>> In the create element call,
that's a good question, I understood
what you were asking is to be like,
is there some other thing that we
can pass in here that goes here?
And that's actually a good question,
which we can ask MDN.
Create element is the name of the thing
that we're trying to figure out,
what is the API of this function?
Okay, so it does have an overloaded
signature that accepts some options,
now let's see what those objects are.
It's [LAUGH] cool, so
I'm not sure gonna accomplish
the goal that we wish it
would accomplish of just,
let's say,
parsing some attributes to this element.
We can use it to define custom elements,
so that's fun, but
I don't think that it's gonna work for
our type attribute based on this
documentation, which, again,
is not an infallible resource.
But what we can do probably is chain
the call to set attribute here
because this is going to evaluate
to a HTML button element.
And then we should be able to
call set attribute type submit.
So this whole thing returns
an HTML button element,
but this whole thing returns undefined,
our best friend.
So, excellent catch that probably
this isn't what we want here because
a reference to undefined is not
something that's very hard to come by.
They're sort of a dime a dozen,
these undefineds, so,
[LAUGH] we can do this in our constructor,
makes more sense.
And we're gonna get to another
tricksy part of this in a moment,
where we can use our closeButton
reference to get that HTML element,
and then make our call to setAttribute,
all right.
>> Do we wanna change its content here,
too?
>> That is a good question, right?
So what is this button
gonna look like right now?
It's gonna be, so
if we were to write it out,
it's gonna be a button,
it's gonna have type, submit.
And that's all, so
we probably want our users to have
a little bit better experience than just
seeing like an empty button in
front of them, how can we fix it?
>> We can set the text content.
Yeah, so we can do this closeButton,
textContent, and then, I mean,
we could parametrize this,
let the user parse in something, but
basically this is called a close
button because it's gonna be for
closing, so we can just sort of
decide it's gonna be called closed.